#summary Conduct a Sprint Retrospective on the last day of Sprint 1 (July 11th for 30 minutes)

= Introduction =

->Each team member must enter at least one line under each section

->Do this before you get to class so you have ample time to discuss the items in the wiki in person

= _What should we start doing?_ =

*Arthur*
We should let each other know what changes we have made to the repository so that if somebody implements a new feature, everyone will know about it instead of stumbling upon a new feature we didn't know had been implemented yet.

*Brandon*
We need to start being more intentional about minimizing file size and memory usage for our application

*Javier* 
we should start working on implementing the error codes and the complete passage so that by next end of the sprint we can have semi-complete application.

*Lizeth*
We should start working at a faster speed so we can finish all the tasks & get an idea of what user stories we want to do for the next sprint & if possible update the code & hours frequently.

= _What should we stop doing?_ =

*Arthur*
Other than what Brandon said below, I think we're on the right track and we're not doing anything that we should stop doing.  We're doing a great job guys!

*Brandon*
We should stop allowing a lot of time to pass between the days when we are actually coding.

*Javier* 
I agree with other comments we should stop letting time slip by and pick up the pace so that we finish this in time

*Lizeth*
We should stop and analyze the user stories better.

= _What should we continue doing?_ =

*Arthur*
We should continue working on the basics and foundations of the app so that we can have a strong core to build other features on top of if we have time. 

*Brandon*
Continue  submitting all changes as soon as we implement a new feature.  Keeping the repository up to date really helps us build on one another's progress.

*Javier*
continue communicating with each about anything we do or implement. 

*Lizeth*
We should continue working as a team and just communicate & let each other know of any updates since it will make the project easier to understand.