#summary Conduct a Daily Standup at the beginning of each class meeting during the sprint

= Introduction =

- "Yesterday": refers to all the days between today and the last class

- "Today": refers to all the days between today and the next class meeting

- "Impediments" are there any impediments in your way?

= Details =

*_Sprint 1 Daily Standup #1 (06/27/2012)_*

  * *Javier:*
    
  Yesterday:

  -- did research on sqlite3 database for android

  -- implemented a database helper class that would interact with sqlite3
  
  Today: 

  -- will do research on android gui
  
  * *Brandon:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- created a main menu

  -- created page not implemented message

  -- created activity to display n number of buttons
  
  Today:

  -- I will wrap the buttons on the page

  -- I will create different button colors for word errors

*_Sprint 1 Daily Standup #2 (7/2/2012)_*

  * *Lizeth:*

  Yesterday:

  -- Uploaded Sprint 1 Planning Meeting Notes (documentation)

  -- Android Tutorials / Research to prepare myself to start with the tasks

  Today:

  -- Typed Sprint 1 Backlog with Lauren

  -- Will do more research to have a better understanding of android

  -- work on the tasks!!! (will try to create ability for word button to be marked as last word read)

  Impediments:

  -- Found the tutorials a lil confusing, but will keep practicing

  * *Lauren:*

  Yesterday: 
  
  -- Worked on android tutorials and researched android topics

  Today: 

  -- Work on Sprint 1 Backlog with Lizeth

  -- Will do more android research

  -- Will begin work on getting the word buttons to wrap on the screen
  
  Impediments:

  -- Learning the android sdk and how to work with it

  * *Arthur:*
  
  Yesterday: 
  
  -- Typed out and uploaded the first reading passage so that we can all reference it and get words to go into the database.
  
  -- Did some android tutorials to learn about creating apps for android.
  
  -- Downloaded and installed android SDK and android emulator.
  
  Today:
  
  -- I have chosen to take on the task of creating a timer for the android to count down from 1 minute to 0 seconds and display a message

  * *Brandon:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- got the button labels reading the strings from the database

  
  Today:

  -- I will try to wrap the buttons on the page

  -- I will create different button colors for word errors

*_Sprint 1 Daily Standup #3 (07/4/2012)_* ... No Class  

  * *Brandon:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- got the buttons to change colors based on if they had errors or were punctuation

  
  Today:

  -- I will continue researching wrapping buttons on a page

  -- I will add more words to the database story_content table


*_Sprint 1 Daily Standup #4 (07/9/2012)_*

  * *Arthur*

  Yesterday:

  -- I did a lot of research on how to create a timer in android and the best idea yet is to use the handler class and not java.util.timer because the java.util.timer library will create another thread, and we don't want that because we want as little processing as possible. Handlers allow things to be done within the same thread and then will interrupt the thread to do something else.

  -- I have the code for the beginning of a timer already implemented and tested.  I can set how many seconds I want the timer to run as well.
   
 Today:

  -- I will talk to my group about exactly what next step will be after the timer is done.  

  -- I will ask my group what's better, the timer showing (takes up room on the screen) or hiding the timer and have it just working in the background.

    Impediments:

  -- I haven't gotten the code to work on the emulator on my work laptop.  I only have it working on my home desktop.  I need it to work on my work laptop too so that I can show my group things without committing any changes to svn.

  -- ** Update (7/11/2012) ** The problems I'm experiencing on my laptop is probably because I'm running Windows 8 on my laptop and Windows 7 on my desktop.

  * *Brandon*

  Yesterday:

  --refactored the getWordsList method in the DbHelper class

  --added more words to the database 

  --attempted to wrap the buttons on the screen

  Today:

  --research ways to regenerate the layout when an error is selected so that the button with an error will turn red

  * *Lizeth:*

  Yesterday:

  -- Worked on writing code for a counter to count the words/buttons in the passage so that when user marks a word as last read, the app will count up the words and return the last word read

  Today:

  -- Keep working on the counter 

  Impediments:
  
  --  Can not get the counter to work 
  --  Conflict understanding the database

  * *Javier:*
    
  Yesterday:

  -- Did research on how to import a dump file into the android  aplication

  -- Implemented a class for uploading a dump file
  
  Today: 

  -- Make sure the import of the dump file works

  Impediments.
  -- I have an error in the implementation that is crashing the aplication


*_Sprint 1 Daily Standup #5 (07/11/2012)_* ... No Class / Sprint 1-Due

  * *Lizeth:*

  Yesterday:

  -- Stopped trying to make the counter code work & worked with Lauren (markWordActivity class)

  Today:

  -- Uploaded my part for the Sprint 1 Retrospective

  -- work on the burn-down & velocity charts with Lauren

  -- Continue working with the markWordActivity class (onClick listeners code)

  Impediments:

  -- The code for the counter did not work (wrong idea)

  -- The StatsActivity class stopped working after the markWordActivity  was implemented
 
  * *Javier:*

  Yesterday: 
  
  -- Made the application accept a dump file for recreating and updating the database

  Today: 

  -- will work on creating methods for inserting records into the database
 
  * *Arthur:*

  Yesterday:

  -- I got the timer working completely.  The timer asks the user to press "Start" to begin the timer.  If the user presses cancel, it goes back to the story selection list.  
  -- Once the timer is started, it will time for 15 seconds currently, but that's just a variable that can be easily changed.  15 seconds because I don't want us having to wait a whole minute to see it work.  Then the user will get a prompt to select the last word read.  It works in between activities also, so we don't have to worry about interruptions.

  Impediments:
  -- The problems I'm experiencing on my laptop is probably because I'm running Windows 8 on my laptop and Windows 7 on my desktop.