#summary Conduct a Daily Standup at the beginning of each class meeting during Sprint 2

= Introduction =

- "Yesterday": refers to all the days between today and the last class

- "Today": refers to all the days between today and the next class meeting

- "Impediments" are there any impediments in your way?

= Details =

*_Sprint 2 Daily Standup #1 (07/11/2012)_* ... no class
  
  * *Everyone:*

  Yesterday:

  -- Submitted their part for Sprint 1 (Sprint 1 Backlog & Charts)

  Today:

  -- Turn in Sprint 1 Deliverables
  
  -- Conduct a Sprint 2 Planning Meeting & select user stories

*_Sprint 2 Daily Standup #2 (07/16/2012)_*


  * *Lizeth:*

  Yesterday:

  -- Worked on the layout word_mark.xml

  Today:

  -- Commit the project with two layouts (word_mark_cell.xml & word_mark_tablet.xml) to the repository
  
  -- Figure out 'code' so when the device runs the app, it will know which layout to use

  Impediments:

  -- The layout worked differently in the screen of a tablet and a cellphone ... so I needed to do a different layout for each

  * *Lauren:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- I added the instructional text to the timer pop up

  -- I added a sound to the timer when it goes off

  Today:

  -- I plan on exploring options for importing a new file into the database as a new story

  Impediments:

  -- I need to learn more about sql commands

 * *Arthur:*

  Yesterday:

  -- I got the transformer device to work with the eclipse project.  Previously I was only working with an emulator, but now that the project is in landscape mode, the emulator won't cut it.

  Today:

  -- I plan on working on the ability to scroll the page that has the passage that the student is reading.  Possibly enabling scrolling with two fingers.

  * *Javier:*
    
  Yesterday:

  -- Implemented a Method on how to export a csv file

  -- Did research on how to create a list view layout
  
  Today: 

  -- Make sure the list view layout displays students on the database

  Impediments.
  -- I'm having a but when working with list view and using an adaptor to populate the list view

  * *Brandon:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- I took a break from the project

  Today:

  -- I will put the punctuation marks on the end end of words, not leave them as a whole separate button

  -- I will get the stats page bugs resolved so that it opens

  Impediments:

  -- none at this time

*_Sprint 2 Daily Standup #3 (07/18/2012)_*

 * *Lauren:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- I worked on getting the scrolling to work on the page that displays the actual story

  Today:

  -- I plan on continuing to try to get the scroll to work and also look at implementing the import function

  Impediments:

  -- The layout we used to wrap the buttons doesnt want to play well with the scroll view

 * *Arthur:*

  Yesterday:

  -- I tried getting the scroll view to work with the app.  The app still isn't scrolling correctly though.  See impediments.

  Today:

  -- I will continue working on getting the ScrollView to work on the PredicateLayout or possibly starting from scratch all over and forgetting about the Predicate Layout.

  Impediments:

  -- The Predicate Layout Class is not combining well with the scrollview.

 * *Javier:*
    
  Yesterday:

  -- Implemented a list view layout that pull data from the database
    
  Today: 

  -- finish Implementing list view layout and add a layout for adding students to edit student

 * *Lizeth:*
    
  Yesterday:

  -- Work on the layout to save/end session
    
  Today: 

  -- Work on the InSessionActivity class and make it work with the database

  Impediments:
  
  -- Knowing what code to add so that the program detects what device is being used


  * *Brandon:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- I put the punctuation marks on the end end of words and resolved the associated bugs that caused

  -- I got the stats page bugs resolved so that it opens

  Today:

  -- I will add words correct and words missed to the stats page

  -- I will fix the layout of the main menu to accommodate the landscape orientation

  -- I will enter all of the rules/sounds into to database for story one

  Impediments:

  -- The WSIWYG layout editor in eclipse is extreemly buggy.  It makes UI work very time consuming.


*_Sprint 2 Daily Standup #4 (07/23/2012)_*  
  * *Brandon:*
  
  Yesterday:

  -- I added words correct and words missed to the stats page

  -- I fixed the layout of the main menu to accommodate the landscape orientation

  -- I entered all of the rules/sounds into to database for stories one, two, and three

  -- I entered stories two and three into the database

  Today:

  -- I will add average word length of missed words on session stats

  -- I will add I will add a page to edit stats prior to saving them

  -- I will add error types, words missed, and sounds/rules missed on 
the stats page


  Impediments:

  -- The data provided by the client has a few error... its over 1000 lines of coding, so it was expected to take a few attempts to get it all correct.

 * *Arthur:*
  Yesterday:

  -- I stopped working on scrolling the buttons because I felt like I could use that time doing something else since I wasn't getting anywhere with that.  I might go back and try to figure it out.

  -- I created the option to not display the start message if the user doesn't want it to display (this was requested by the client, only I had a misunderstanding.  He really didn't want to see the stop message.  He has to see the start message. Silly mistake)

  -- I created a button from the main menu called settings to toggle on and off the instructional page if the user wants to see the message again later.

  Today:

  -- I will modify the do not show this message option to work with the stop button instead of the start button, like the client wants.

  Impediments:

  -- Brandon and I had a slight miscommunication problem of what the client wanted as he had to relay the information to me because I could not make the meeting to hear it from the client himself.  Thankfully, this can be easily fixed.  


* *Javier:*
    
  Yesterday:

  -- solved the list view layout problems I was having and was I was able to make it do exactly what I was hoping for, It still lacks some functionality but it is nothing we have not done before

    
  Today: 

  -- I will implement the extra functionality like having a page for adding a student and creating a method for inserting that student from the database, also implement the code for deleting a student

  Impediments.

  -- It took me a long time to understand how to work with a list view, it requires the use of a custom adapter class which then gets passed into the list view itself, at some point I even decided not to use this approach for building the edit student list and instead use a different list like a radio group button but the new approach also presented its own challenges like the inability to scroll, so I finally decided to just stick with the original approach and make it work.

*_Sprint 2 Daily Standup #5 (07/25/2012)_*